4003-236	Lab 1 - Activity 4 - Questions	 

Your Name:		YOUR_ANSWER_HERE

BEGINNER'S GUIDE QUESTIONS


QUESTION 1: Describe two ways that you can log off the system.

Answer: In gnome, Actions menu > Log out. Also, in the terminal 

QUESTION 2: Name one thing that you should never do with your password.

Answer: Give it to someone else

QUESTION 3: How can you iconify a window?

Answer: Click the 2nd button from the right on the window title bar

QUESTION 4: Here is a filename pattern which includes some wildcards:

	*a?[bc]

Which of the filenames in the list below does this pattern match?

	Abc		abc		barb-calc	storage-a.c
	a:b		barb		barbara		*a?[bc]

Answer: abc, barb-calc, storage-a.c, a:b, barb

QUESTION 5: For each name above that did not match the pattern, explain
why it did not match.

Answer: Abc: there is no uppercase A in the pattern, or a lowercase A in the string
barbara: doesnt end in either an B or C
*a?[bc]: doesnt end in either an B or C

QUESTION 6: Suppose a directory contains these files:

	,info.sheet.ps	GET		info.sheet
	,lab1.ps	GET-CONTROL	lab1.me
	,logo.ps	READ_ME		questions
	,survey		SCCS		survey


and you want to print two of them, "GET-CONTROL" and "questions," to the
line printer.  What is the shortest command (i.e. the smallest
number of characters) that will accomplish this?
Hint: use filename patterns to make the command shorter.

Answer:

QUESTION 7: Refer to Figure 11 on page 4-2 of the Beginner's Guide.
Suppose that your working directory is "student," and you want to look
at the contents of the file "part1" on the screen.  What is the
shortest command that will accomplish this?  Hint: use filename
patterns to make the command shorter.

Answer: cd ./j*/p*/p*2/

QUESTION 8: Look at the permissions of the file "stories" in the "pub"
directory of the account "cs1."  For each of the three questions
below, choose one of the following answers:

	Nobody
	Only the owner of the file
	The owner and other accounts in the same group
	Everybody

Who can read the file?
Answer: Everybody

Who can write to the file?
Answer: Only the owner of the fileE

Who can execute the file?
Answer: Nobody

QUESTION 9: Suppose when you log in you get a message saying that you
are over your quota for disk file storage, and must delete some files.
What command would you use to find the directory in your account whose
files occupy the most space?

Answer: 
